Focusing on "Getting Started" (#93)
DefangLabs/defang-docs: docs/getting-started/getting-started.md

 * Writing files to disk...
   - .github/
   - .github/workflows/
   - .github/workflows/deploy.yaml
   - README.md
   - app/
   - app/Dockerfile
   - app/main.js
   - compose.yaml
 * Code generated successfully in folder welcome-to-defang

Check the files in your favorite editor.
To deploy the service, do `cd welcome-to-defang` and

  defang compose up
```

Now, navigate to the folder you just created:

```
$ cd welcome-to-defang
```

You can open the folder in your favorite editor and see the files that were generated for you:
* The `app` folder contains the code for your service.
* The `Dockerfile` is used to build the container image for your service.
* The `compose.yaml` file is used to define the services you want to deploy.

## Deploy to the playground

Go back to your shell and type the following:

```
$ defang up
```

If you have not used defang before, you'll be prompted to log in.

```
 ! Please log in to continue.
Please visit http://127.0.0.1:49154 and log in. (Right click the URL or press ENTER to open browser)
```

:::info
To learn more about how authentication works in defang, check out the [authenticating page](/docs/getting-started/authenticating).
:::

> When I do this, I see the following output:

Reviewer: Sometimes you use the third person ("you'll see"), sometimes the first ("I see …")

Author: ```suggestion
When you do this, you should see something similar to the output below:
```
